Breakfast,Egg Yolk Waffles,320,4.36,32,6,1,2 yolks from,Large egg(s),1/8 tsp,baking powder,2 tbsp,butter,Pinch of,salt,Directions,Preheat a waffle iron.,Mix together all the ingredients using a whisk. It is helpful to mix in a glass measuring container with a spout for pouring.,Pour the batter into the waffle maker, filling just the bottom half. The waffles will expand quite a bit once cooked.,Cook for about 1 minute or less. These cook very quickly, just as eggs cook on the stove top. Be careful to not allow them to turn too brown.
Breakfast,Scrambled Eggs with Mayonnaise,307,4.06,30.81,6.6,0.99,1,Large egg(s),1 1/2 tbsp,Mayonnaise,2 tsp,Butter,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,Melt butter in a small non-stick pan.,Mix mayonnaise and egg together with a fork until completly combined.,Cook the egg and mayo mixture in butter. Use a silicone spatula to gently fold the egg mixture until it is set.,Scrape the eggs and all remaining fat onto a serving plate and serve immedietly.
Breakfast,Flaxseed Porridge,463,4,40,6,4,3 tbsp,Flaxseed,1/2 cup,Unsweetened coconut milk,2 1/2 tsp,Butter,2 tsp,Grapeseed oil,2 tbsp,Frozen blueberries,1/8 tsp,Cinnamon,Directions,Combine flaxseed and coconut milk in a microwave-safe bowl that will hold at least 2 cups of liquid. Cook for 30-45 seconds or just until mixture rises. Remove from microwave and allow to cool for a minute.,Add oil and butter and cinnamon and blueberries. Stir to coat blueberries (this will defrost them quickly). Over-stirring will make porridge gummy.
Breakfast,Shamrock Smoothie,432,4.4,22,2,3,1,Avocado,1/2 cup,Full fat and unsweetened almond milk,10,Mint leaves,1 1/2 tsp, cacao nibs,1 cup,Crushed Ice,Directions,Combine the avocado and coconut milk and mint leaves and ice in a blender. Blend until completly combined and smooth. The mixture will be very thick and the sides of the blender will need to be scraped at least once. If it is too thick to blend then wait until some of the ice begins to melt and then blend again.,Add the cacao nibs to the mixture and blend again just to evenly distribute the cacao nibs. Divide the smoothie into two 1 cup servings and serve.
Entrees,Chicken Nuggets,406,4,27.2,5.2,1.6,Whipped egg whites from 1,Large egg(s),2 ounces,Chicken breast,1 tsp,Coconut flour,Pinch of,Baking powder,1 1/2 tbsp,Olive oil,2 1/2 tsp,Butter,2 1/2 tbsp,40% heavy cream,Directions,After measuring all ingredients shred the chicken into very small pieces. Add the coconut flour and baking powder with salt and pepper and garlic powder to shredded chicken. Stir to coat chicken. The mixture should look very dry.,Add the oil to chicken mixture and mix again.,Add the egg whites to the chicken and fold in until combined.,Melt the butter in a small non-stick frying pan.,Drop the chicken and egg mixture on the pan in small nugget size shapes and fry for about 1 minute. Flip to fry the other side until cooked thoroughly for about 1 minute.,Remove the cooked nuggets to a plate and scrape any remaining butter out of the pan onto the nuggets. Serve with cream diluted with water as “milk”.
Entrees,Mini Pizza Bites,423,4.47,28,4,2,1/8 cup,Mayonnaise,1,Large egg(s),Pinch of,Baking powder,Pinch of,Baking soda,2 tsp,Coconut oil,1 heavy tbsp,Almond flour,1/2 tbsp,Coconut flour,1 tsp,Psyllium husk powder,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 400 degrees.,Combine all ingredients and mix very well. Make sure there are no lumps of coconut flour.,Let the dough sit for 5 minutes to stiffen.,Using your hands roll the dough into 3-4 small balls. About 1 inch in diameter.,Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the dough on the parchment and press into small and flat pizza crust shapes. Put toppings on the raw dough and bake for 7-9 minutes.
Entrees,Spinach Bites,322,4,32,7,1.3,2 ounces,Frozen baby spinach,Egg whites from 1,Large egg(s),1 tbsp,Butter,1 tbsp,Olive oil,1 tbsp,Almond flour,Sprinkle of,Parmesan cheese,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Pinch of,Garlic powder,Directions,,Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees.,Cook the spinach, drain it of water, and chop it into small pieces.,Mix in all of the ingredients and season it to your liking.,Make sure that the mixture is very well combined. It will be on the “wet” side, you can put it in the freezer for 15 minutes to let it firm up a little.,Scoop out bite size portions of the mixture and drop them onto a parchment lined cookie sheet.,Bake for about 15-20 minutes.,Let them sit on the cookie sheet to cool and reabsorb any oil that has cooked out for a few minutes.
Entrees,Deli Roll-Ups,150,4,32,6,2,Large whole leaf from,Iceberg lettuce head,Per roll use 4 pieces of,Genoa salami,2 tbsp,Maries creamy italian garlic dressing,1 tbsp,Canola oil,Directions,Rip off one outer leaf of iceberg lettuce. Avoid using the hard stem close to the core.,Lay the salami on top the lettuce leaf. Fold in the edges of the leaf so it is the same width as the salami. Roll the leaf around the salami. Secure it with a toothpick or a fun shaped bento pick.,In a small bowl combine the salad dressing and oil. Use a small fork to stir the dressing until it is completely combined with the oil.,Use the dressing as a dip for the roll-up.
Entrees,Hamburger on a Stick,175,4,24,4,2,1 ounce,80% Lean ground beef,1 slice,Dill pickles,1 tbsp,Yellow mustard,1/4,Tomato,2 tbsp,Butter,1/4 leaf of,Iceberg lettuce,1 tbsp,Olive oil,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Pinch of,Garlic powder,Directions,Ingredients make a single skewer. Soak wooden skewers in water for at least 30 minutes to prevent them from catching on fire! Season the raw meat with salt and pepper and a pinch of garlic powder. Press it onto the skewer into a ball making sure it is an even thickness around all sides. Carefully grill the meat until it is cooked thoroughly.,Skewer the lettuce and tomato and pickle on the end of the skewer.,Mix the room temperature butter and oil and mustard together until it is well combined. You will need to use a fork or a small whisk to help the butter blend in. Serve the dip with the hamburger stick.
Entrees,Chicken and Cabbage Puree,246,4.05,40.5,7,3,1/2 cup,Organic chicken broth,1/4 cup,Shredded cabbage,1 tbsp diced,Onion,1 tsp,Garlic,1 ounce cooked,Chicken breast,2 tbsp,Butter,2 tbsp,Olive oil,2 tbsp,Mayonnaise,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Directions,Add the butter and olive oil to a small pot. Over medium low heat melt the butter. Add the cabbage and onions and garlic to the butter and oil. Sautee until the vegetables begin to soften.,Add the broth and chicken to the vegetables. Cover and let the soup simmer over low heat until the vegetables are very soft.,Remove the pot from the heat and add the mayonnaise.,Use an immersion blender to puree the soup.
Entrees,Broccoli Slaw,174,4,16,1,3,1/2 cup,Raw broccoli,2 tbsp,Mayonnaise,1 tbsp,Pemegranate seeds,3/4 tbsp crushed,Macadamia nuts,2 tbsp,Apple cider vinegar,2 tsp,Truvia,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Directions,Wash the broccoli well. Cut the florets off the thick stem and break them into very small pieces.,Use a shredder attachment on a Cuisinart and shred the stems. Mix the stems and the florets together very well to evenly incorporate them. If you want to steam the broccoli then now is the time! Weigh the portion you need and then lightly steam.,Finish by mixing in the remaining ingredients and season to your liking. It is best if you allow this recipe to sit overnight so all the flavors have time to blend together and the broccoli has time to soften a little.
Snacks,Lavender and Butter Braised Celery,120,4.27,12,1,2,1,Celery heart,2 tbsp,Butter,Pinch of,Herbs-de-Provence,Directions,Trim the bottoms and tops of the celery and rinse under cool water to remove any dirt.,Use a vegetable peeler to peel the thick ribs off the outer side of the celery stalks. Only the largest stalks will need to be peeled.,Place the butter and celery and and herbs(Make sure it contains lavender) in a large skillet. The celery should be only 1 layer deep in the pan. fill the pan with water about halfway up the sides of the celery.,Bring the water to a boil and allow the celery to simmer until tender. The water should reduce by 75% with a buttery and creamy sauce remaining at the end of cooking.,Divide the celery into 2 portions and enjoy with your meal.
Snacks,High Fiber Keto Flax Rolls,113,4.16,10.65,2.3,0.7,1 serving,Flaxseed meal,2 tbsp,Whole psylium husks,1,Large egg(s),3 tbsp,Sunflower oil,1 tsp,Apple cider vinegar,1/2 tsp,baking soda,1/2 tsp,Baking powder,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 300 degrees.,Mix the egg and oil and water (if using) and vinegar together very well.,Add the flax meal and psyllium husks and baking powder and baking soda and salt to the egg mixture. Use a small spatula to combine the ingredients very well.,Once the ingredients are combined then let the dough “rest” for 5 minutes. It will appear very wet but as it sits the dough will stiffen up to the constancy of very stiff oatmeal.,Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Divide the dough into 4 equal portions.,Use wet hands (to prevent sticking) and shape the dough as desired. Place them on the baking sheet and bake for 30 minutes.
Snacks,Snowmen Refrigerator Cookies,2554,4.1,256,43,20,1 cup ground fine,Walnuts,1 cup,Almond flour,1 cup,Shredded unsweetened coconut,1 stick,Butter,Directions,Combine all ingredients in a food processor and pulse until well combined.,Press the dough into a silicone mold or roll into quarter size balls.,Freeze the dough in the molds until completely solid. This makes removing the men from the mold much easier! Coat them in powdered low carb sweetener if desired.,Store in the refrigerator. Macros are for entire batch so do not eat all in one sitting.
Snacks,Chocolate Hazelnut Cookies,2061,4,206,34,17,1 1/2 cup ground,Hazelnuts,1 stick,Butter,4 squares or 1 ounce,Bakers unsweetened chocolate,1,Large egg(s),1 tsp,Baking powder,1 tsp,Baking soda,Directions,Toast about two cups of whole skin removed hazelnuts in a dry skillet over medium heat. Continuously stir them to prevent burning. They are finished when you can smell the nutty aroma.,Place the toasted hazelnuts in a food processor fitted with the chopping blade. Pulse until the hazelnuts are completely ground into a coarse meal.,Measure 1 1/2 cups of the ground hazelnut meal. Set the resining meal aside for another use.,Melt the butter and the chocolate together in a small saucepan.,Combine all ingredients in the food processor and pulse until well combined. Thee dough will likely be too soft to roll due to the melted butter. Place the food processor bowl in the refrigerator or freezer for a few minutes until the mixture begins to cool.,Pulse the cooled mixture a few times. If it is still too soft then return it to the freezer for a few more minutes. Do not let it sit too long or it will be too solidified to roll into cookies.,Roll the dough into 16 - 24 cookies. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment and bake at 350F for 10 minutes. The tops should crack slightly. Allow the cookies to cool on the baking sheet before storing an an air tight container.
Snacks,Classic Guacamole,101,4,10,1,1.5,1 cup mashed,Avocado,1/4 cup chopped,Cilantro,1 tbsp,Avocado oil,1 tbsp sliced,Onion,1 minced medium,Jalapeno pepper,1 tbsp,Lime juice,1 tsp minced,Garlic,Directions,Combine all ingredients in a bowl and mix together very well.,To store the guacamole and prevent browning place a sheet of plastic wrap directly in the surface. Press the plastic wrap down to remove all the air and to make contact with the top layer. Leave the plastic wrap in place and cover the container with a tight fitting lid and store in the refrigerator.