Breakfast,Cauliflower and Cheddar Hash Browns,124,1.5,11,5,2.5,12 ounce bag,Frozen cauliflower rice,1/3 cup,Avocado oil,2 tbsp,Arrowroot starch,8 ounce bag,Shredded cheddar cheese,Directions,Pierce a small hole in the cauliflower bag and squeeze out most of the extra liquid.,In a mixing bowl-combine the cauliflower rice and arrowroot starch and seasonings. Toss to coat the cauliflower with the dry starch until it is distributed evenly.,Add the oil and shredded cheese to the cauliflower and stir to combine.,Divide the hash browns into 12 equal portions and cook in a pre-heated non-stick waffle maker until they are a deep golden brown. The waffle iron wells do not need to be completely filled! Scoop an mound of the mixture into the center of the well leaving a high mound in the center. Press the top of the iron down to flatten the mixture. The cooking time will vary depending on the waffle maker. It is best to cook these for longer than expected. They should easily release from the waffle iron when the cheese has crisped.,Alternative cooking methods: A well greased muffin tin in a 475 degree oven for 10 minutes or until crispy on the outside edges. In a non-stick frying pan over medium high heat. Shape the portions into thick patties and fry on each side until crispy and golden brown.
Breakfast,Egg Muffins,147,1,11,10,1,12,Eggs,1/4 cup,36% heavy cream,2 tsp,Chives,1/2 pound,Italian Sausage,1/2 tsp,Garlic powder,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees.,Brown the sausage until entirely cooked through. Allow the meat to cool in the pan but do not drain off the fat.,Crack all your eggs into a large bowl and add the heavy cream. Add the seasonings and whisk together very well.,Add the meat to the egg mixture and stir to combine.,Distribute the mixture into a well greased muffin tin. Bake for 30 minutes or until egg centers are set.
Breakfast,Ham and Egg Cups,117,1.06,9.17,7.72,0.96,1 package,Black forest ham,5,Large eggs,1/2 cup,36% heavy cream,1 tsp,Coconut oil,Directions,Preheat the oven to 425F. Grease 9 cups of a muffin tin with the coconut oil.,Place 1 slice of ham in each of the muffin cups. Press the ham into the cups so that it is centered and the ham covers the bottom and sides of each cup.,Mix the egg and heavy cream until completely combined and season with salt and pepper if you wish. Pour equal portions into each of the muffin cups.,Bake until the center of the eggs has puffed-about 7-10 minutes and the eggs are completely set. They will jiggle slightly if shook but should not be liquid.,You may add different toppings or flavorings. These should be calculated based on individual nutritional needs and preferences. Such as cheese. A quick version is 1 egg cracked directly into the ham with 1 tablespoon of heavy cream.
Breakfast,Blueberry Muffins,221,1.91,20,6,5,2 cups,Almond flour,1/4 cup,Coconut flour,2 tsp,Konjac root fiber,1/2 cup,Fresh blueberries,1 tsp,Baking soda,1 tsp,Baking powder,1/2 cup,Olive oil,3,Large eggs,2 tbsp,Water,Directions,Preheat the oven to 350F and line a muffin tin with 12 parchment or foil liners.,In a large bowl combine the almond flour and coconut flour and konjac root fiber and baking powder and baking soda and salt. Use a wire whisk to stir together.,Add the olive oil and eggs and 2 tablespoons of water to the dry ingredients. Stir well to combine. The batter should be the consistency of thick pancake batter. If it seems too dry then add additional water to achieve thinner consistency.,Carefully fold the blueberries into the batter. Fill each muffin liner 1/2 - 2/3 full. Bake for about 35-40 minutes or until a wooden skewer or toothpick inserted into the center remains clean when removed.
Entrees,Pizza and Pastry Dough,1082,1.06,85,64,16,2 cups shredded,Low moisture part skim mozzarella cheese,1/4 cup,Cream cheese,2 tbsp,Butter,2,Large egg(s),1/3 cup,Coconut flour,Directions,In a large glass bowl over a pot of simmering water melt the mozzarella cheese and cream cheese and butter. Stir very well to combine.,Remove the melted cheese from the double boiler and add the eggs to the cheese mixture one at a time and stirring very well to incorporate. The cheese mixture will be very sticky!,Add the coconut flour to the cheese and egg mixture. Knead the dough with your hands to fully incorporate the coconut flour. If the cheese begins to stiffen then you can place the bowl over the simmering water again to soften the cheese. If the dough is too sticky then refrigerate until it firms. Once the coconut flour has been incorporated then you can shape the dough into rolls or pizza crusts or hand pies.,Cooking time will vary depending on the size and shape of the final recipe. Usually a high oven temperature of 425 degrees works well for most pizzas and hand pies and other recipes with toppings or fillings. A lower oven temperature of 350 degrees is better for rolls.
Entrees,Chicken and Cheese Stuffed Peppers,325,1,25,20,5,4,Large green poblano peppers,3 cups shredded,Chicken breast,8 ounces,Salsa verde,1/2 cup,Mayonnaise,4 tbsp,Cream cheese,5 tbsp,Olive oil,1/2 cup,Shredded cheddar cheese,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 425 degrees. Cut the peppers in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Arrange the pepper halves in a baking dish cut side up.,Mix the shredded chicken and mayonnaise and cream cheese. If your carbohydrate allowance allows then add extra salsa verde to this mixture. Season with salt and pepper.,Fill the peppers with the chicken mixture.,Generously drizzle the peppers with the olive oil. Top with the shredded cheese. The optional crumbled pork rind topping is highly recommended!,Bake the peppers for 20-30 minutes or until they are done to your liking.
Entrees,Crab Cakes,378,1.5,43,25,4,1/3 cup,Crabmeat,1/4 cup,Almond flour,2 heaping tbsp,Mayonnaise,1/2 mixed,Large egg(s),1 tbsp,Green onion,1/4 tsp,Dried mustard,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Pinch of,Garlic powder,Directions,Pick through the crab meat and discard any shell pieces.,Mix the crab meat with remaining ingredients and stir to combine very well.,Heat a non stick skillet onver meadium high heat. Lightly grease the pan with spray oil.,Divide the mixture into 3 equal portions. Drop the crab mixture onto the pan and cook the first side for about 2-3 minutes or until browned and sides are beginning to set.,Flip the crabcakes and cook the second side for an additional 2-3 minutes or until cooked all the way through.,Serve with greens and mayonnaise bassed dressing.
Entrees,No-Matzo Ball Soup,225,1.5,18,8,4,2 tbsp,Olive oil,1 heaping tbsp,Coconut flour,1 tsp,Whole psyllium husks,1/4 cup sliced,Carrots,1 tsp,Baking powder,1 tsp,Baking soda,1,Large egg(s),3/4 cup,Chicken broth,1 small stalk (5 inches),Celery,Directions,Combine the olive oil and coconut flour and psyllium and baking powder and baking soda together in a small bowl. Stir until all of the lumps of coconut flour have dissolved. Add the egg and any additional seasonings to the coconut flour and oil. Stir again vigorously. The batter will immediately thicken and become very stiff.,Lightly grease a microwave safe plate. Wet you hands with cold water and roll the batter into 3 round balls. Place the balls on the greased plate and microwave them for 30 seconds to 1 minute. They will increase in size significantly so do not let the dough balls touch. They should puff and appear “dry” and not sticky after cooking in the microwave.,Combine the broth and celery and carrots. Add additional water if necessary. Heat on the stovetop or in the microwave until the vegetables are soft. The vegetables will cook more quickly the thinner they are sliced. Add the cooked “matzo balls” to the broth and serve immediately.
Entrees,Crunchy Jalapeno poppers,98,1.6,8.5,4,1,12-15 halved and de-seeded,Jalapeno peppers,8 ounce package of,Cream cheese,1 1/4 cup shredded,Cheddar cheese,4 tbsp,Butter,5 slices,Bacon,1.75 ounce bag crushed,Pork rinds,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 475℉ and line a baking sheet with foil. Arrange the peppers on the baking sheet cut side up.,Combine the cream cheese and 1 cup of the cheddar cheese and butter and bacon crumbles in a mixing bowl. Use an electric hand mixer to combine very well.,Fill each pepper with the cheese filling. A less messy and quick way to do this is with a plastic bag. Scoop the filling into a bag and remove the air and twist to close. Snip a one inch corner off the bag and squeeze the filling into each pepper.,Place the crushed pork rinds into a small bowl and lightly press the cheese side of each pepper into the pork rinds to coat. Once each pepper has been coated with the pork rinds sprinkle a small amount of the reserved cheddar cheese on each one.,Bake the peppers in the top 1/3rd of the oven for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes broil the tops of the peppers until the cheese has melted and browned with the peppers remaining in the oven. This cooking method produces poppers that are cooked throughout with the jalapeño's retaining some crunch. If you prefer a completely cooked (and soft) jalapeño then increase the baking time to 15 - 18 minutes followed by the broiling step.
Entrees,Cabbage Patties,106,1.5,4,1,1,3 cups chopped and cooked,Cabbage,1,Large egg(s),3/4 tbsp,Coconut flour,2 tbsp,Coconut oil,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,Place the cabbage and coconut flour and additional seasonings into a food processor. Pulse 3-4 times or until the coconut flour is evenly dispersed.,Add the egg and oil to the cabbage mixture and pulse an additional 3-4 time to completely combine. Be careful to avoid chopping the cabbage too finely. The mixture should be thick and sticky.,Roll the cabbage mixture into golf ball size balls and flatten into a patty shape. You should have enough mixture for 8 patties.,Pan fry the patties until golden brown on both sides in a non-stick pan. You may use a few sprays of oil or add additional fat and flavor by using leftover bacon grease.,Serve the patties plain or calculate additional toppings such as full-fat sour cream or fresh chives or other herbs you enjoy.
Entrees,Ham & Cabbage Soup,278,1.29,20,8.4,7,1 6-inch diameter,Cabbage head,1/2 cup chopped,Yellow onion,1/2 cup sliced,Carrots,1/2 pound sliced,Ham,2 tbsp,Coconut oil,Directions,Chop the cabbage and carrots and onion and ham into bite size pieces.,Add all the ingredients plus the coconut oil and optional seasonings(Garlic powder or curry powder or fresh herbs) to a pot and cover with water.,Simmer on the stove for 3-6 hours until the cabbage is tender. Add more water if necessary.
Snacks,Flax-Hemp Crackers,110,1.3,4,2,1,1 cup,Flaxseed,1/2 cup,Water,1 cup,Hemp seed,1 1/2 tbsp,Olive oil,4 tsp,Penzeys forward seasoning,Directions,Mix water into flaxseed and allow to sit for 5 minutes.,Stir hemp seed and olive oil and seasoning into mixture.,Spread on greased baking sheet such as a rimmed 15x10 inch jelly roll pan.,Pat down with a large spatula to flatten to the edges.,Optional: score into crackers of desired size with a knife.,Bake at 300 for 20-30 minutes. Test for crispness by breaking off a piece with a spatula.,Allow to cool before removing from sheet. Store in zip-lock bag.
Snacks,Gelatin Gummies,966,1.76,86,42,7,1 cup,Water,1 cup,36% heavy cream,6 packets,Unflavored gelatin powder,Drop of,Food coloring,Directions,Pour the water and cream in a saucepan. Sprinkle the gelatin powder on top of the liquid without stirring. Allow the gelatin to sit for about 5 minutes or until it has absorbed some of the liquid and softened.,Heat the pot over medium heat and stir with a whisk. Heat the liquid until boiling and gelatin has dissolved.,Remove the pot from the heat and add liquid stevia to taste. 10 drops per 1 cup of liquid will produce a mildly sweet flavor.,Pour the liquid into several small cups and add food coloring as desired. Pour the gelatin into silicone molds. For several colors in one shape allow each color time to set before adding the next color. A glass pan can be used in place of silicone molds. Use small cookie cutters to make fun shapes.,Refrigerate the molds until set (about 2 hours).
Snacks,Marshmallows,250,1.46,5.4,2.7,1,4 egg whites from,Large egg(s),1 cup,36% heavy cream,4 packets,Unflavored gelatin powder,1 tbsp,Arrowroot flour,4 packets,Truvia,1 tsp,Vanilla extract,Directions,Prepare a 9x9 inch glass baking dish by lining the bottom with parchment paper. The sides do not have to be lined.,Place the egg whites into a large glass or metal mixing bowl and whip on high speed until they have formed stiff peaks. Set the egg whites aside.,In a cold pot whisk together the heavy cream and gelatin and Truvia and arrowroot powder and salt. Set the pot over medium low heat. Gently heat until the gelatin has dissolved. The mixture will be very thick and sticky.,Mix the gelatin mixture into the egg whites by pouring a very slow steady stream of gelatin mixture into the egg whites. While you are pouring the mixture run the mixer on low speed to incorporate the gelatin into the eggs. Scrape the sides of the bowl once and mix again. The egg mixture should be thick and shiny.,Pour the egg mixture into the glass baking dish and refrigerate until firm (about 2 hours). Use a sharp knife to slice the marshmallow into 16 squares. Separate the marshmallows and store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
Snacks,Flatbread with Butter,132,1.25,39,27,4,3/4 cup shredded,Mozzarella cheese part skim,1,Large egg(s),1 1/2 tbsp,Cream cheese,1/2 tbsp,Butter,1 tbsp,Olive oil,1 tsp,Coconut flour,Directions,Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.,Combine the egg and the room temperature cream cheese. Stir with a fork until well combined.,Add the remaining ingredients and stir very well.,Spread the mixture onto the parchment paper into an 8-inch circle. Make it the size and thickness you want. It will not spread while baking.,Bake for about 30 minutes in the center of the oven. You may flip the flatbread over during the last 10 minutes of cooking to help both sides crisp.
Snacks,Walnut Pinwheels,81,1.59,7,3,1,1 cup,Mozzarella cheese part skim,4 tbsp,Mascarpone cheese,2 tbsp,Butter,1,Large egg(s),1 tsp,Vanilla extract,1/2 cup,Almond flour,1 tbsp,Coconut flour,2 tsp,Cinnamon,2 tbsp chopped,Walnuts,Directions,Combine the mozzarella cheese and mascarpone cheese and butter in a microwave safe bowl. Microwave in 30 second intervals and stir each time until the cheeses are completely melted.,In a food processor fitted with the 'S' blade and combine the melted cheese and egg and vanilla extract and almond flour and coconut flour. Blend this mixture together until completely smooth. Make sure you scrape the sides several times to incorporate all the ingredients evenly.,Depending on the temperature of the cheese the dough may be very loose similar to pancake batter. Scrape the dough into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until it is cool.,Spread a large piece of plastic wrap on your counter and scrape the dough out of the bowl onto the plastic wrap. Cover with a second piece of plastic wrap and roll the dough until it is about 1/4 inch thick. Remove the top piece of plastic wrap.,Sprinkle the cinnamon and walnuts evenly on the surface of the dough. Using the edge of the plastic wrap to assist begin rolling the dough into a pinwheel shape. Roll the entire batch into 1 roll about 2 inches in diameter.,Keep the rolled dough on the bottom piece of plastic and carefully re-wrap. Place in the freezer for 2 hours or until it is frozen.,Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Slice the frozen dough into 1/4 inch slices for pinwheel pastries or into 1 inch sections for Rugelach. Bake the pastries for 15-17 minutes or until lightly browned.