Breakfast,Dairy Free Baked Custard,246,2.71,24,6,3,3 cups,Full fat and unsweetened coconut milk,4,Large egg(s),1 tsp,Pure vanilla extract,Pinch of,Cinnamon,Directions,You will need six 6-ounce glass custard dishes and a glass baking dish large enough to hold all six custard cups. Boil enough water to come 1/2 inch from the top of the custard cups. Do not fill the baking dish yet. Set the water aside until the last step. Pre-heat the oven to 350F.,In a medium bowl-whisk together eggs and coconut milk and vanilla and cinnamon.,Pour the custard into six custard cups. It is helpful if the custard cups are already placed in the baking dish. Sprinkle cinnamon on top.,Place the baking dish on the oven rack and pour the hot water to within 1/2 inch of the top of the cups. Bake for 45 minutes. A knife inserted into the center should come out mostly clean and the custard should have set firmly.,Serve the custard warm and store covered in the refrigerator.
Breakfast,Blueberry Macadamia Nut Waffles or Pancakes,303,2.5,27.5,8,3,1,Large egg(s),1/2 tbsp,Coconut oil,1/8 cup,Macadamia nuts,1 cup,Frozen Blueberries,Directions,Pre-heat a waffle iron or non-stick pan.,Combine the egg and macadamia nuts and coconut oil. Stir until very well combined.,Add the frozen blueberries to the macadamia nut batter. Stir to evenly distribute the blueberries.,Pour the batter into a waffle iron and fill each mold about 75% of the way full. For pancakes-use a tablespoon to pour small pancakes onto a non-stick pan. Make sure to scrape all the batter out of the mixing bowl!,For waffles-cook until the steam begins to slow down. Ignore any indication lights or alarms! For pancakes-cook the first side until the edges begin to look dry then flip and cook the second side until cooked through and slightly browned.
Breakfast,Sausage Egg and Cheese Sandwich,603,2.07,54,22,4,2,Sausage patties,1,Large egg(s),1 tbsp,Sharp cheddar,1/4 sliced,Avocado,1/4 tsp,Sriracha,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Directions,In skillet over medium heat cook sausages per package instructions and set aside.,In small bowl place cream cheese and sharp cheddar. Microwave for 20-30 seconds until melted.,Mix cheese with sriracha and set aside,Mix egg with seasoning and make small omelette.,Fill omelette with cheese sriracha mixture and assemble sandwich. The sausage patties are bun replacements.
Breakfast,Spinach and Flax Microwave Muffin,391,2.67,37.7,9.1,5,1,Large egg(s),1.5 tbsp,Olive oil,2 tsp,Butter,2 tbsp,Flaxseed,1/2 cup,Baby Spinach,1 tsp,Baking powder,1 tsp,Baking soda,Directions,Mix all of the ingredients except the butter together very well.,Lightly oil a glass baking dish. Pour the mixture into the dish.,Microwave on high for about 2 minutes. The center should be firm and cooked thoroughly. Allow the muffin to cool and use a small scraper to loosen the sides and bottom to remove.,Cut the muffin in half and toast it in a toaster over (NOT an upright toaster!) or use the oven broiler. Spread the butter on top and serve.,Make and cook the muffin in the microwave ahead of time. Store them in the refrigerator. Toast when you are ready to serve them.
Entrees,Creamy Chicken Broccoli,500,2,46,18,5,1/3 cup,36% heavy cream,1 cup cut,Broccoli,1 tsp,Lemon juice,2 tbsp,Butter,1/3 of a,Large chicken breast,1/2 tbsp,Olive oil,2 tbsp,Chicken Broth,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,Heat butter and olive oil in small frying pan to medium-high.,Carefully add raw chicken then sauté for 3 minutes turning chicken to brown.,Turn heat down to medium then stir in lemon juice - a dash of black pepper - Tobasco sauce (optional) and salt until coated.,Stir in cream and broccoli and cook for 2-3 more minutes while stirring.,Stir in chicken broth then cover pan then turn off heat and allow to sit for 10 minutes to finish cooking the chicken and broccoli.
Entrees,Lamb and Asparagus with Tangy Sauce,500,2.5,47,15,3.7,1 tsp,Unsweetened orange juice,1 tsp,Unsweetened lime juice,1 tsp,Curry powder,1,Garlic clove,1 tbsp,Olive oil,1/2 cup,Asparagus,3 ounces,Raw lamb Shoulder,Directions,Mix together the lime and orange juices with minced garlic and curry powder to make the marinade.,Cut a 1 inch slice of lamb shoulder to the appropriate servings size above. Place in a small bowl with marinade sauce for 2-4 hours in the refrigerator.,Cut an 8 inch square of foil and place on a small shallow oven-proof dish. Place lamb on foil and surround with the asparagus spears. Broil 6-8 minutes turning everything once and removing asparagus if they brown.,While the lamb is broiling place the olive oil in small saucepan and heat until warm. Then add the marinade and cook until mixture gently boils and thickens. Transfer the cooked asparagus and lamb to the pan and turn off heat - allow to cool a bit before serving.
Entrees,Smoked Salmon and Avocado Nori Rolls,585,2,46,17,5,7 tbsp,Cream cheese,2,Nori seafood sheets,1,Avocado,1 1/2 tsp,Sesame seeds,1 tbsp,Grated Ginger,2 ounces,Smoked salmon,Directions,Divide ingredients between 2 sheets of Nori. A Sushi bamboo matt is helpful for making these. You can turn the matt with the nori sheet on it as you are spreading the cream cheese. Rolling it up is also easier with the matt.,Spread cream cheese over seafood sheet.,Sprinkle sesame seeds evenly over cream cheese.,Place salmon and avocado in strip fashion along one end of sheet.,Sprinkle raw ginger over salmon.,Roll into a log with the support of the bamboo matt.,Refrigerate for 1 hour then slice into sections if desired or serve uncut.
Entrees,Swai Au Gratin,320,2,31,14,2,3 ounces thawed,Swai filet,2 tbsp,Mayonnaise,2 tbsp,Parmesan cheese,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Pinch of,Garlic powder,Directions,Lay raw swai in an indivudal oven-proof dish. A well seasoned cast iron pan works very well.,Stir the grated cheese and seasonings into the mayonnaise. Spread evenly over the top of fish to 1/2 inch from the edge.,Broil for 3-5 minutes or until golden brown and fish separates easily with a fork. The fish will continue to cook slightly after broiling. Thicker slices of fish may need to cook for 1-2 minutes longer.
Entrees,Rogan Josh,450,2,46,18,5,3 ounces raw,Lamb meat leg,1/2 tbsp,chili powder,1/2 tbsp,Garam Masala,1 tbsp minced,Garlic cloves,1 tbsp fresh minced,Ginger root,1 1/5 tbsp,Ghee(Pure butter),2 tsp diced,Onion,3 tbsp chopped,Macadamia nuts,2 tbsp,Full fat unsweetened coconut milk,3/4 cup,Chicken broth,Directions,Combine lamb-onions-garlic-ginger-chili powder and garam masala and marinate for at least 1 hour or overnight.,Add the ghee to a small pan over medium high heat. Add the marinated meat including all the additional ingredients mixture to the ghee. Brown the meat on all sides.,Add the broth to the browned meat. Cover the pot with a lid and turn the heat to low. Simmer this for at least 1 hour. You may add water if needed.,When the meat is tender remove the pot from the heat. Add the ground macadamia nuts and stir very well until it is completely combined. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Top with fresh cilantro if wanted.
Entrees,Keto Creamed Spinach,228,3,22,4,3,3 tbsp,Butter,2 tbsp,Cream cheese,1 pound,Baby spinach,1/2 cup,36% heavy cream,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Directions,In a large sauté pan over medium heat melt the butter.,Add handfuls of the spinach to the butter and toss to coat. The spinach will quickly begin to wilt. Continue to add handfuls of the spinach and tossing until all of it is wilted. The spinach will give off a lot of it's own moisture.,Using a silicone scraper push the spinach to the sides of the pan. Add the heavy cream and cream cheese and seasonings. Stir the sauce well until the cream cheese has melted. Mix the spinach into the cream sauce.,Lightly simmer the creamed spinach until the sauce has thickened to your liking. This will take about 5-7 minutes.,Allow to cool before serving. The sauce will thicken as it cools.
Entrees,Indian Butter Chicken,475,3.03,97,20,12,1/4 tsp,Chili powder,1/4 tsp,Garam masala,3 tbsp,Butter,3 tbsp,Olive oil,1/4 cup,36% heavy cream,1 tbsp minced,Garlic cloves,3/4 cup,Tomato paste,1 tbsp chopped,Onion,1/4 cup,Green pepper,2 ounces,Chicken breast,Directions,Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat.,Finely chop the onions and garlic then cook approximately 1 minute in the skillet until tender.,Puree the tomatoes and green pepper in the blender or food processor then mix into the skillet.,Season the mixture with salt and garam masala and chili powder.,Stir in the cream and butter and continue cooking until heated through.,Stir the raw chicken into the skillet. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through.
Snacks,Shortcut Smoky Collard Greens,184,2.21,17,3.6,4,1/4 cup,Butter,1/4 cup,Roasted beef bone marrow,1 cup,Sliced yellow onion,1 1/2 pounds chopped,Collard greens,3 chopped,Garlic cloves,1 tbsp,Smoked Paprika,Pinch of,Salt,Directions,In a very large pan or stock pot melt the butter and bone marrow over medium high heat. Add the sliced onion and cook until softened.,Add the collards and garlic and smoked paprika and salt to the pan. Toss the collards until they begin to wilt. Once the greens have all wilted add enough water to come about 1/3 of the way up the sides of the greens.,Adjust the heat so the water is simmering and not fully boiling. Braise the greens in the water for about 20 minutes until the thickest parts of the stems are tender. Allow most of the water to cook off once they are tender.,Remove the greens from the pan and garnish with additional paprika if desired. Serve this alongside your summer barbecue or any protein of choice.
Snacks,Keto Zucchini Noodle Gratin,200,2,18,6,3,8 cups,Zuccini noodles,1 cup,Heavy cream,3 tbsp,Butter,1/2 cup shredded,Gruyere cheese,1 tsp,Garlic powder,Pinch of,Salt,Pinch of,Pepper,Directions,Place the zucchini noodles in a mesh colander and sprinkle with salt and toss to coat evenly. Allow them to sit over the sink for about 2 hours. They should release a good amount of moisture. Gently dry and squeeze the excess moisture from the noodles with a paper towel.,Pre-heat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9 inch baking dish with a small amount of butter then place the zucchini noodles in the baking dish in an even layer.,In a small sauce pan combine the heavy cream and butter and cheese. Heat the mixture over medium heat until the butter and cheese are completely melted and the sauce is smooth. Remove from the heat and add optional seasonings.,Pour the cream mixture over the noodles and bake for about 1 hour or until nicely browned. Allow this to cool for about 15 minutes then slice into 8 pieces before serving.
Snacks,Keto Biscotti,823,2,75,21,17,1/2 cup,Coconut flour,1/4 cup,Macadamia nuts,1/4 cup,Avocado oil,2-4 tbsp,Water,1 tbsp,Butter,1,Large egg(s),1/2 tsp,Baking soda,1/2 tsp,Baking powder,1/2 tsp,Vanilla extract,Directions,In a food processor combine all ingredients. Pulse until completely combined. There will be some larger pieces of macadamia nuts but that is ok! If the dough is too dry to stick together add 1 tablespoon of water at a time until it is the right consistency.,Turn the dough out onto a parchment lined baking sheet. Shape it into a log about 6-7 inches long and 2-3 inches wide. Flatten the top and press the edges together so they are smooth.,Bake at 350F for 15 minutes. The dough should have puffed slightly and cracked on the top surface. Allow this to cool for 30 minutes before proceeded to the next step. Reduce the oven temperature to 250F.,Slice the cooked dough on the diagonal into biscotti shapes. Turn the cookies onto their sides and bake again for another 30 minutes.,Once completely baked and cool dip them into melted chocolate and/or High Fat Decorating Icing and decorate with our DIY Keto Sprinkles. Serve with a beverage for dunking.
Snacks,Keto Italian Cookies,1275,3,124,23,17,1 stick,Butter,6 tbsp,Cream cheese,1 tsp,Vanilla extract,1,Large egg(s),1/2 cup,Coconut flour,1 tsp,Baking powder,1 tsp,Baking soda,Directions,Combine the butter and cream cheese in a mixing bowl. Cream together very well with an electric hand mixer.,Add all remaining ingredients to the butter and cream cheese. Stir very well to combine.,Refrigerate the dough for a few minutes prior to shaping.,Preheat the oven to 350F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll the dough into a ball about the size of a nickel. You should be able to make about 24 cookies.,Bake on the middle rack for about 8 minutes. They are done when the tops begin to split open.,Cool before decorating.
Snacks,Peanut Butter Cups,129,2.25,12,3,2,1 cup,Creamy peanut butter,1/2 cup,Butter,1/2 cup,Coconut butter,1/4 cup,Coconut flour,Directions,Combine the peanut butter-butter-coconut butter and coconut flour in a bowl. Stir very well to combine.,If the mixture is too stiff to pour then set the bowl in a larger bowl of hot water. Stir until the mixture has melted then pour into silicone molds or a baking dish lined with parchment paper.,Place in the freezer to harden.